c:\users\syamantak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App3\App3\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\syamantak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App3\App3\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\syamantak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App3\App3\bin\Debug\App3.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\syamantak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App3\App3\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\syamantak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App3\App3\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\syamantak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App3\App3\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\syamantak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App3\App3\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\syamantak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App3\App3\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\syamantak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App3\App3\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\syamantak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App3\App3\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\syamantak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App3\App3\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\syamantak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App3\App3\bld\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\syamantak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App3\App3\bld\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Syamantak\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\App3 - Copy\App3\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Syamantak\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\App3 - Copy\App3\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Syamantak\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\App3 - Copy\App3\bin\Debug\App3.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Syamantak\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\App3 - Copy\App3\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Syamantak\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\App3 - Copy\App3\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Syamantak\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\App3 - Copy\App3\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Syamantak\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\App3 - Copy\App3\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Syamantak\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\App3 - Copy\App3\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Syamantak\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\App3 - Copy\App3\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Syamantak\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\App3 - Copy\App3\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Syamantak\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\App3 - Copy\App3\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Syamantak\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\App3 - Copy\App3\bld\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Syamantak\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\App3 - Copy\App3\bld\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
